Enhance resource error handling (#360)
bohning/usdb_syncer: CHANGELOG.md

# Changes

## Fixes

> - Audio/video format selection regression in 0.11.0 fixed
> - Download of non-jpg images are now correctly converted to jpg.
> - Image processing order is now correctly handled (crop before resize for covers, resize before crop for backgrounds)
> 
> ## Features
> - The Syncer now checks if a new version is available.
> - Info about unavailable or invalid resources are now sent to Discord (iplease enable this in the settings to support the community)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Audio/video format selection regression in 0.11.0 fixed.
- Downloads of non-jpg images are now correctly converted to jpg.
- Image processing order is now correctly handled (crop before resize for covers, resize before crop for backgrounds).

## Features
- The Syncer now checks if a new version is available.
- Infos about unavailable or invalid resources are now sent to Discord (please enable this in the settings to support the community).
```
